---
author: Aditya Vaidyam
author_title: Division of Digital Psychiatry
author_url: https://github.com/avaidyam
author_image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1361003
---

# Release 2022.4.23

### Features & Improvements
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Added support for custom `ActivitySpec` definitions, including custom configuration, text, icons, and script contents. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Added a warning popup to require the user select a group to create an activity or sensor under if none specified. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Reduced background network requests when polling for new clinician-sent messages. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Reduced background network requests for sensor data when only viewing the home screen of the app. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Reduced background network requests for analytics when logged in as a researcher instead of a patient. 
- `[LAMP-activities]` The Matrix options type is now fully available for Surveys, with full data export support for every type of question.  
- `[LAMP-core-ios]` Added full support for detection of ambient light and sound, wearable/watch positioning and accelerometer, aggregated daily travel routines, detailed keyboard typing metrics, text message and phone call usage with third-party app support, cross-browser website and cross-device app usage/screen time and notification pickups data, through the new Apple SensorKit framework. 
    - **Not available for use outside of BIDMC-approved studies; requires developer entitlements which necessitate a legal contract with Apple Inc. and BIDMC; contact us for questions about SensorKit.**
- `[LAMP-core-ios]` Reduced background callbacks when sensor data collection is disabled to preserve battery life.
- `[LAMP-core-ios]` Enforced strict data collection rules to match organization-level requirements when sensors are configured. 
- `[LAMP-core-ios]` Added support for a new schedule repeat-type `every two weeks`.
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Added support for Battery Saver (i.e. Low Power Mode on iOS) detection to assist with imputation of missing sensor data.
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Reduced background callbacks when sensor data collection is disabled to preserve battery life.
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Eliminated App Not Responding issues; the app now crashes instead of hanging indefinitely and slowing down the phone.
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Added user-facing crash report to allow users to quickly screenshot or screen record bugs and app crashes. 
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Added support for a new schedule repeat-type `every two weeks`.

### Bug Fixes
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved an issue where certain Activity configuration text boxes (i.e. Tips) were not resizable.
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved an issue where the back button did not work in certain activities (i.e. Tips) when opened from a notification. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved an issue where it was not possible to exit certain activities (i.e. Tips) when opened from the mobile app. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved an issue where the Activity scheduler interface would not recognize typed date/times, requiring users to slowly manually select them via clock/calendar interface. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved an issue where the Activity scheduler would not allow scheduling activities on the first of the month. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved a **SIGNIFICANT** issue where grouped activities would always display in an infinite loop for certain users. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved an issue where tab page headings would display in all lowercase. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved an issue where the Save button of the Activity configuration page would obscure the configuration form itself. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved a **SIGNIFICANT** issue where surveys and voice recordings would not load under certain configuration parameters. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved a **SIGNIFICANT** issue where users would be automatically logged out erroneously when opening an activity from a notification without network connection. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved an issue where certain mobile devices would clip parts of the activity interface, preventing successful completion of the activity. 
- `[LAMP-dashboard]` Resolved an issue where a single data point would not display or display incorrectly as a mini tile in the Prevent tab. 
- `[LAMP-activities]` Resolved an issue where the Goal Tracker and Medication Tracker activities (not officially available for public usage) did not connect to the `ActivitySpec` API correctly and would not work with the dashboard.
- `[LAMP-activities]` Resolved an issue for the DBT Diary Card where the `Actions` graph did not display a date range picker. 
- `[LAMP-activities]` Resolved an issue where images were not center-aligned for the Scratch Card activity. 
- `[LAMP-activities]` Resolved an issue where time picker questions in Surveys would display the wrong time format (AM/PM vs. 24hr).
- `[LAMP-activities]` Resolved an issue with Pop the Bubbles where certain bubbles would overlap and remain fixed in the center of the screen. 
- `[LAMP-activities]` Resolved an issue where bubbles in Pop the Bubbles had reduced sensitivity to taps. 
- `[LAMP-activities]` Resolved an issue where bubbles in Pop the Bubbles would sometimes display on the edges of the screen, making it difficult to see or tap them. 
- `[LAMP-core-ios]` Resolved an issue where local notifications (i.e. offline non-push without server involvement) sent notifications with an incorrect timezone.
- `[LAMP-core-ios]` Resolved an issue where local notifications would fail with unhandled schedule repeat-types.
- `[LAMP-core-ios]` Resolved an issue where `lamp.device_state` data would be saved under the legacy name `lamp.screen_state`. 
- `[LAMP-core-ios]` Resolved a **SIGNIFICANT** issue where tapping on an activity from a notification would lead to a white screen.
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Resolved an issue where local notifications (i.e. offline non-push without server involvement) sent notifications with an incorrect timezone.
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Resolved an issue where toggling battery saver mode when not logged into the mindLAMP app would crash the app. 
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Resolved an issue where if no sensors were configured, all sensor data would be collected for a user. 
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Resolved an issue where sensor data collection maximum frequencies were not the same between iOS and Android. 
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Resolved an issue where the WearOS app would be out-of-date with the Android app due to a GitHub workflow issue. 
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Resolved an issue where Android analytics data would not match the format of the iOS analytics data. 
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Resolved an issue where `lamp.device_state` data did not match the same data format as iOS.
- `[LAMP-core-android]` Resolved a **SIGNIFICANT** issue where tapping on an activity from a notification would lead to a white screen. 
- `[LAMP-server]` Resolved an issue where `SensorEvents` would not be flushed from the cache to the database correctly. 
- `[LAMP-server]` Resolved an issue where the `ActivitySpec` schema provided incorrect parameter names. 
- `[LAMP-worker]` Resolved an issue where push notifications would be sent to users even if the device had logged out of the mindLAMP app. 
