---
author: Ashley Meyer
author_title: Division of Digital Psychiatry
author_url: https://github.com/akmeyer3
author_image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/96262286?v=4
---

### Features & Improvements
- Added the ability to load ActivitySpec executables directly from the API (BETA).
- Added new configuration parameters for Voice Diary prompts.
- Added customizable Streak text and the ability toggle Streaks on and off.
- Added the ability to modify the `CACHE_SIZE` variable to adjust SensorEvent cache flushing thresholds.
- Resolved a connection stability issue when using the Android app to connect to a LAMP server. 
- Added the ability to schedule notifications in the patient's local timezone. 

::: error

Please note that when upgrading to the latest version of the LAMP dashboard or server (`2022.2.14`), clinicians are required to re-save all activity schedules to update GMT-scheduling to local timezone scheduling. If this step is not performed, patients may receive notifications early or late.

:::

### Bug Fixes 

- Resolved several issues with weekly filters for DBT Diary Card visualizations that were not synchronized.
- Resolved visibility issues with DBT Diary Card visualizations including font and text placement.
- Resolved an issue with DBT Diary Card visualizations where a single data point did not appear (it now draws a line).
- Resolved an issue with DBT Diary Card graphs rendering incorrect dates or time ranges.
- Resolved an issue where all notes from past DBT Diary Cards did not appear when viewing data.
- Resolved an issue with erroneous character limits applied to matrix survey questions (BETA).
- Resolved an issue where the back button would not work for exiting Tips. 
- Resolved an issue where the back button did not capture data for Journal and Tips. 
- Resolved several issues capturing Breathe and Tips data when being used by patients. 
- Resolved out-of-order and skipping issues with activities sequentially placed in groups.
- Resolved out-of-order dates on the Feed tab.
- Resolved a crash issue when loading the Feed tab in certain conditions. 
